Sparkfun Github Code Example
Doug Van Scoy
Tuesday, April 5, 2016

Since I am no longer a developer, I am using the following instructions from your Github Readme doc:
In lieu of or in addition to code samples please also consider providing writing samples. When applying for a more managerial position 
this is of particular importance as clear written communication is critical

This document serves as my writing sample.

In this document, I will provide:
1.	 A short write up of once facet of my experience with Agile Software Development
2.	A small Agile user story example.


1.	Agile Experience:
In my use of the Agile methodologies, I have found that the Agile Coach is a main differentiator in what makes the project a success.
In an Agile project, it is the Coach who helps every member of the team better understand their role, the processes, and the 
expectations of them.   This allows the team to grow together and keep on the correct Agile path.   This is especially true in a
project where Agile is new to many of the team members.   In this case, it is the coach who also drives the Epics, User-story 
definition, and detailed discussions so that the requirements for the project are well defined.  As the team members learn the 
processes, they then take over these tasks and the Coach transitions to more of a guiding role.  

2.	User Story example: (this is not meant to be a fully formed User Story, but a brief example)

“As a retail Sparkfun Customer, I want to be able to more easily connect with other customers similar to myself, so that we can 
share ideas, projects, and products.”

Acceptance Criteria
1.	A predefined list of Customer types is defined
a.	List out types (like hobbyist, high school teacher, College professor, Robotics battle dude)
2.	Each customer must select a type for their profile
3.	Video tutorials can be tagged with one to many types
4.	Video tutorials can be filtered by customer type
5.	Video tutorials can be searched by customer type
6.	Heavily accessed videos by a customer type group are highlighted for members of that group.


