1.What is your desired compensation range? (Range meaning the least you're comfortable with to the most you think you're worth.)
 	 $85,000 – $150,000 yearly
 	 
2.When can you start?
	April 25, 2016
	
3.Do you have any planned vacations/absences in the next six months that we should know about?
	Friday May 6 (traveling to Ohio for my daughter’s graduation)
	
4.SparkFun is a dog-friendly environment. Are comfortable working aroung dogs? If you are a dog-owner, would you see yourself bringing
dogs to work?
I am very comfortable around dogs.  I do not currently own a dog, ( my 2 dogs both passed recently) but could see myself bringing 
a dog to work in the future.

5.The active developer keeps up on happenings in the world of development and technology. Where do you you get your news?
	I’m no longer a developer, but I am in IT management and project management.   Typically, my information came from the developers 
	on my team, but also from:
	Technewsworld.com,   Infoworld.com, and Forrester.com
	
6.The sane developer does things other than writing code. What else occupies your time?
	Family, Church, music, movies, and outdoor activities occupy most of my time.  I am an on-staff Worship Director at a church in 
	Longmont Co.  I have spent years playing and singing music in churches and in other venues.  My wife and I also love to golf, hike, 
	bike and just be outdoors.
	
7.The worldy developer is in touch with some form of culture (books, music, film, etc.). How do you go about feeding this part of your 
brain?
	I have been playing and singing music since I was 12 years old and love to play at church and at home.   
	
8.Please critique any of the SparkFun websites. With influence over the SparkFun dev team what would you focus on improving?
	I don’t have enough information to critique the UI/UX look and feel of the site, but I would like to understand the design.   
	It is a more simplistic (ie not flashy) UI than a typical ecommerce site, but that is probably by design, given the personality
	of the average Sparkfun customer.
	
	I’d like to better understand the subgroups of customers that buy from Sparkfun.   There may be opportunities to create 
	categorizations/sub groups within the site.  This would enable like-minded customers to congregate and share together.  
	Some groupings could be light hobbyists, high school teachers, college professors, robot battle dudes, etc.   There is a forum that
	could accomplish some of this, but even things like videos, tutorials, products, etc, could be delivered this way.
	
	I couldn’t tell from a quick review of the site, but is there a way for customers to load their own videos onto the site?  
	They could be short videos of their own projects, or even tutorials for helping other customers.
