--------------------------------- Cover Letter -----------------------------------------

Noah Duncan
33 S Boulder Cir Apt 116
Boulder, CO 80303
noah.duncan@gmail.com
(260) 417-0229

Dear Hiring Manager(s) and PHP Development Team,

Breakpoint. Send all other git repo Hacker Applications to the recycle bin; this is the last application you will need to pull.  My name is Noah Duncan; I am an electrical engineer by education, but a web designer and developer at heart.  

Hold on a minute, did you just read that I have a degree in engineering, not in PHP or computer science?  It is true; but less formal schooling is a strong point to my favor.  The things I know haven’t been stuffed into my brain by university faculty during the years of exploration of independence.  I have chosen, carefully and consciously, to learn how to program, what languages to program in, and how to implement best practices into my coding. When it comes to web design, I am self-taught and self-motivated. My aptitude for web programming is second to none.  

Why me? What sets me apart from the rest?  Simple, I am not the rest. I do not belong to a mindset, a structure, or a class.  I do not fit into a box, a vector, or a matrix.  I am neither Mac nor Windows, IPA nor stout, nor freezing nor boiling.  I reside in between.  I am Linux; I am amber ale; I am the moderate temperature that allowed life to form in a pool of lukewarm water.  Here is why: I am logical; programming and engineering minds require logic.  I am musical; I started playing music when I was 3 years old and still play today.  I am active; martial arts, rock climbing, Nordic skiing are all passions.  I am meditative; I think a lot about what I am doing and how to break things into simpler parts.  I am experienced; I started writing my first c code in 6th grade, 14 years ago; my first web site 10 years ago.  I am a fledgling; I push to learn new languages, new styles, and new approaches to problems.  I am plastic enough to be molded to any task, but stout enough to make a stand for my ideas.

When you peruse my resume, you will find that in each job I have held, I have done some work in web development.  I have created scripts, web sites, and applications in PHP each with the notion that the end users are of all skill sets.  That means that the design has to be intuitive, clean, and easy to navigate.  I achieve this by implementing different languages and technologies: primarily PHP, Ruby, MySQL, AJAX, Javascript, CSS, and HTML.

Why Sparkfun? I believe that I can prove to be an asset at Sparkfun in many ways.  While I am looking to find a job where I have the opportunity to do more coding than I do now, my education means that I could be tasked to PHP and to electrical engineering projects.  At companies like Sparkfun, where dynamic, flexible employees on staff are necessary; someone who can work on both electronics and web design would be a great addition.  I am that.

I look forward to hearing from you soon.

Best Regards,
Noah Duncan



----------------------------------- Resume ------------------------------------------------

33 S Boulder Cir Apt 116
Boulder, CO 80303
US 
noah.duncan@gmail.com 
Mobile: (260) 417-0229 

--Noah Duncan--   
OBJECTIVE: 
To secure a full-time position as a PHP Developer at a dynamic and progressive company where I can employ my creativity, free-thinking, and positive attitude in a fun environment.

EXPERIENCE: 
7/2007 – Current
Micro-g LaCoste Lafayette, CO
Electrical Engineer / IT & Support / Web Developer
My current job title is Electrical Engineer; however being a small company, Micro-g LaCoste has given me the opportunity to wear many different hats depending upon the need.  One of the hats I wear is the Web Developer hat.  In this role, I have designed applications that interface with other software and databases such as our proprietary application, gMonitor (through a MySQL database), and also our accounting software, MAS200 (through ODBC into MySQL).  The gMonitor interface is a web monitor where real time updates of sensor readings are shown using AJAX.  Other features include dynamic downloadable document archives, themes (CSS), and user authentication and authorization.  The MAS200 application is a RoR, MySQL, AJAX, JavaScript, CSS application for part searches.

I also design, debug and test hardware and firmware, manage network infrastructure, and oversee intranet and www servers. 

2/2007 – 5/2007
Technology Integration Group Fort Wayne, IN
Network Technician / Web Developer
I was hired to assist in switching the city and county networks from Novell Server to Active Directory Server.  In this position, I designed web based applications on an internal server using PHP and MySQL. The purpose of these applications was to automate much of the information gathering and documentation process for the migration.  Some example work would include: populating databases from text files, document upload / management, AJAX user interfaces, and MySQL database administration.

5/2005 - 8/2005; 6/2007 
Billingsley Aerospace & Defense Brookeville, MD 
Engineering / Web Design Intern; Contract Web Development 
In 2005, my first task was to redesign the company web site, http://www.magnetometer.com/.  The original format was an old Dreamweaver template, from which I created a new layout using HTML and CSS. I used JavaScript and XML to make an interactive page where the user can compare magnetometers in a table by clicking show/hide buttons.  In later roles, I performed electrical engineering tasks such as circuit debugging, product assembly and testing, and soldering. 
In 2007 I designed a PHP / MySQL backend for the magnetometer.com website so that the company could update and create their own product and news pages.  Content added to the backend integrates seamlessly with all features on the front end.

EDUCATION: 
5/2006 Purdue University US-IN-West Lafayette 
B.S. Electrical Engineering 
-President of the Purdue Outing Club: Fall '05 - Spring '06 
-Martial Arts Instructor: Fall '02 - Spring '06 

PROFESSIONAL SKILLS: 
PHP, MySQL, Javascript, DHTML, AJAX, Ruby on Rails, Photoshop, Macromedia Studio, HTML, MS Office, MATLAB, OrCad / Pspice, C, Assembly, Abel, Foosball.
